TODO: 
1. Work out what apps/libraries i can use to implement the app
2. Work out what web server tech i can use
3. Work out what tags I can use/if the file can be changed or even needs to be
4. Get core deliverables - i.e. app that can scan for BLE signals, locate them, send the info to cloud. (EXTENSION?) Can also receive the signals from the cloud when blocked.
	tag that can communicate as normal, but opensource that works with them
	ensure identity cycling does not happen.
	Create web server that will mark tags as blocked or not - calc when tag is in range and mark as blocked; will also unblock when they move a certain distance away within an error bound.
	print csv of blocked/not
5. List evalution/experiments
6. List some extensions.


1. https://altbeacon.github.io/android-beacon-library/samples.html
	AltBeacon can implement the tracking/scanning. Altbeacon can be java/kotlin
	I can research their features, as well as they have a very basic reference app that i could look at and create
	It is also has an opensource ad packet structure.
https://github.com/neXenio/BLE-Indoor-Positioning
Found quite a lot of libraies -  this contains ana basic app to visuaize beacon and location data, but also has the tools to go deeper if i want to change things, and is open source with Java.
Which I already know.

(ALTERNATIVE https://github.com/be-mler/Beacon-Tracker-App)
2.  Need the Webserver
	This can be done in flask and with some SQL, pROBABLY mYsql, BUT i HAVE NO PARTICULAR PREFERENCE.

Core deliverables here : 
- receive the location data and tag ids, 
- work out which current tags are in time/distance range
-  Have table storing the tags registered as  inhibitors.  (or implement that on the tags)
- 
5.  Experiments how did simulations? Lots of data there...
	Evaluate the error as you did in the papaers, evaluate the error of distance between them and actual distance, if the ranges are accurate, etc - baiscally if the system works the way I says and with what abmount of time distance errror.  =  s;
Also at what distance does this need to be set too, how big of a range/ the trade off between someone elses devices being found and your location - 
could do lab experiments within walls or what.
In the lab w physical tags I can do experiments with the error distance and things. But also an investgation into range and time since being in rang e and parameters with the web is very interesting.

6. - Have devices receive the info about their found airtags.

- Use more accurate distance approximations with i.e. learn about rayleigh and rician - i.e in [[COVID Talk]]

- Store which tags are in constant location with X for time - detect stalkers? ( like sending on police thing mentioned)

- Create a simulation for how these function

Real to do:

Make this into a short list of things ~ paragraph
Attach some questions to remsey on the end

Send email.
